logcat: improve command description (#8665)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/android/logcat.md

# logcat

> > Dump a log of system messages, including stack traces when the device throws an error and messages that you have written from your app with the Log class.

Reviewer: `device` sounds like hardware errors. `written with Log class` is too specific.
```suggestion
> Dump a log of system messages, including stack traces when an error occurred and information messages logged by applications.
```
